
# CreateChatCompletionRequest

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**model** | **kotlin.String** | ID of the model to use. Currently, only &#x60;gpt-3.5-turbo&#x60; and &#x60;gpt-3.5-turbo-0301&#x60; are supported. | 
**messages** | [**kotlin.collections.List&lt;ChatCompletionRequestMessage&gt;**](ChatCompletionRequestMessage.md) | The messages to generate chat completions for, in the [chat format](/docs/guides/chat/introduction). | 
**temperature** | [**java.math.BigDecimal**](java.math.BigDecimal.md) | completions_temperature_description |  [optional]
**topP** | [**java.math.BigDecimal**](java.math.BigDecimal.md) | completions_top_p_description |  [optional]
**n** | **kotlin.Int** | How many chat completion choices to generate for each input message. |  [optional]
**stream** | **kotlin.Boolean** | If set, partial message deltas will be sent, like in ChatGPT. Tokens will be sent as data-only [server-sent events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Server-sent_events/Using_server-sent_events#Event_stream_format) as they become available, with the stream terminated by a &#x60;data: [DONE]&#x60; message.  |  [optional]
**stop** | [**OneOfLessThanStringCommaArrayGreaterThan**](OneOfLessThanStringCommaArrayGreaterThan.md) | Up to 4 sequences where the API will stop generating further tokens.  |  [optional]
**maxTokens** | **kotlin.Int** | The maximum number of tokens allowed for the generated answer. By default, the number of tokens the model can return will be (4096 - prompt tokens).  |  [optional]
**presencePenalty** | [**java.math.BigDecimal**](java.math.BigDecimal.md) | completions_presence_penalty_description |  [optional]
**frequencyPenalty** | [**java.math.BigDecimal**](java.math.BigDecimal.md) | completions_frequency_penalty_description |  [optional]
**logitBias** | [**kotlin.Any**](.md) | Modify the likelihood of specified tokens appearing in the completion.  Accepts a json object that maps tokens (specified by their token ID in the tokenizer) to an associated bias value from -100 to 100. Mathematically, the bias is added to the logits generated by the model prior to sampling. The exact effect will vary per model, but values between -1 and 1 should decrease or increase likelihood of selection; values like -100 or 100 should result in a ban or exclusive selection of the relevant token.  |  [optional]



